darling the galaxy s4 is simply fabulous
I'm Bridget Carey and this is your scene
that update samsung finally revealed the
new galaxy s smartphone and it looks a
lot like the galaxy s3 but with new
software features and better hardware
like a faster processor and higher
screen resolution it'll come out to all
major US carriers about April or May
expected to cost the usual two hundred
dollars with a two-year contract but the
press announcement of this phone will go
down in history as one of the most
bizarre and unfortunate spectacles for a
product launch held at Radio City Music
Hall in New York City samsung used campy
theater performances to explain the new
technology it was painful to watch this
cheesy script featured tap dancing and
actresses portraying women who wants a
married doctors in a cheesecake and are
drunk with their wet nails my nails are
wet sticky fingers sunscreen I really
don't want to put down this drink for a
company that advertises it's cooler than
the iphone it was far from that when
going over the top in the hour-long show
even with the awkward announcement the
phone will still be very popular so
let's cut through the fluff the s4 has
some neat features for example you don't
have to touch the screen to navigate you
can wave your hand to scroll through
photos songs or browser tabs there is a
form of eye scrolling when looking at
the screen tilting the phone up or down
will scroll up and down the page and
while playing a video looking away will
pause the video Samsung's cameras always
have interesting features such as dual
shot mode it takes photos and videos
from both the front and back camera at
the same time and combines them into one
it's like photobombing a photo that
you're taking there's also an infrared
blaster built-in so your phone can be
used as your TV remote control I should
note the HTC One also can do that and to
jump on the gadget health craze the s4
has a pedometer built-in to track your
activity samsung also has accessories
the S view cover snaps
onto the front of the phone but has this
window cut out that shows time battery
music and caller ID it reminds you a bit
of the flip phone days doesn't it the s4
also has wireless charging but that
costs extra and Samsung has its own
health monitoring bracelet heart rate
monitor and body scale for more details
on the specs and how it stands up to the
competition be sure to read our first
impressions on cnet will be given it a
full review closer to launch but with
tons of features and impressive specs it
is the iPhones biggest competitor right
now that your tech news update you can
find more details at cnet com / update
from our studios in New York I'm Bridget
Carey